Update readme (#6468)
sunpy/sunpy: README.rst

*********
``sunpy``
*********

> |Latest Version| |DOI| |element IM| |codecov| |Binder| |Powered by NumFOCUS|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Latest Version| |DOI| |matrix| |codecov| |Binder| |Powered by NumFOCUS|
```

> |Latest Version| |DOI| |element IM| |codecov| |Binder| |Powered by NumFOCUS| 

Author: This is the order for now, up for suggestions.

.. |Latest Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/sunpy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sunpy/
.. |DOI| image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/2165383.svg
   :target: https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/2165383

> .. |element IM| image:: https://img.shields.io/matrix/sunpy:openastronomy.org.svg?colorB=%23FE7900&label=Chat&logo=matrix&server_fqdn=openastronomy.modular.im

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. |matrix| image:: https://img.shields.io/matrix/sunpy:openastronomy.org.svg?colorB=%23FE7900&label=Chat&logo=matrix&server_fqdn=openastronomy.modular.im
```

   :target: https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org
.. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/sunpy/sunpy/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/sunpy/sunpy
.. |Binder| image:: https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg
   :target: https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/sunpy/sunpy/main?filepath=examples
.. |Powered by NumFOCUS| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A
   :target: https://numfocus.org

> ``sunpy`` is the core library of the `SunPy Project <https://sunpy.org/>`__, a Python software package which is designed to provide the fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python.

Reviewer: The object of this sentence now feels ambiguous between the library and the project to me now.

*********
``sunpy``
*********

|Latest Version| |DOI| |matrix| |codecov| |Binder| |Powered by NumFOCUS|

.. |Latest Version| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/sunpy.svg
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/sunpy/
.. |DOI| image:: https://zenodo.org/badge/2165383.svg
   :target: https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/2165383
.. |matrix| image:: https://img.shields.io/matrix/sunpy:openastronomy.org.svg?colorB=%23FE7900&label=Chat&logo=matrix&server_fqdn=openastronomy.modular.im
   :target: https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org
.. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/sunpy/sunpy/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/sunpy/sunpy
.. |Binder| image:: https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg
   :target: https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/sunpy/sunpy/main?filepath=examples
.. |Powered by NumFOCUS| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/powered%20by-NumFOCUS-orange.svg?style=flat&colorA=E1523D&colorB=007D8A
   :target: https://numfocus.org

> ``sunpy`` is a Python software package designed to provide the fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``sunpy`` is a Python software package that provides fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python.
```

It is the core library of the `SunPy Project <https://sunpy.org/>`__.

For some examples of using ``sunpy`` see our `gallery <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/generated/gallery/index.html>`__.
To see the latest changes in ``sunpy`` see our `changelog <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html>`__.

Installation
============

The recommended way to install ``sunpy`` is with `miniforge <https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#miniforge3>`__.

> To install ``sunpy`` once conda is installed run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To install ``sunpy`` once miniforge is installed run the following command:
```
to be consistent? Maybe `conda` is fine though

*********
``sunpy``
*********

> |Latest Version| |codecov| |matrix| |Research software impact| |DOI| |Powered by NumFOCUS|

Author: What order should we have these in? 

Any suggestions?

.. |Binder| image:: https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg
   :target: https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/sunpy/sunpy/main?filepath=examples

> ``sunpy`` is an open-source Python library for Solar Physics data analysis and visualization.

Reviewer 3: This sentence should state that `sunpy` is the core library of the SunPy ecosytem.

Don't know why "Solar Physics" is capitalized.

Also, `sunpy` doesn't really provide much in the way of data-analysis tools.  Compare this with the verbiage in recent write-ups: "...the `sunpy` core library, a Python software package which is designed to provide the fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python."

Author: Fixed hopefully.

> ``sunpy`` is an open-source Python library for Solar Physics data analysis and visualization.

Author: ```suggestion
``sunpy`` is the core library of the SunPy Project, a Python software package which is designed to provide the fundamental tools for accessing, loading and interacting with solar physics data in Python.
```

> `Our homepage has more information about the SunPy project. <https://sunpy.org>`_

Reviewer 3: Making the whole sentence a link is clunky.  Once you mention the "SunPy ecosystem" above, you can just link that phrase.

Author: Fixed hopefully.

> `Our homepage has more information about the SunPy project. <https://sunpy.org>`_

Author: ```suggestion
```

> For some examples of using ``sunpy`` see our `gallery`_, to see the latest changes in ``sunpy`` see our `Changelog`_.

Reviewer 3: Make these two sentences instead of a comma splice, especially given how unrelated the thoughts are.

Author: Fixed hopefully.

> For some examples of using ``sunpy`` see our `gallery`_, to see the latest changes in ``sunpy`` see our `Changelog`_.

Author: ```suggestion
For some examples of using ``sunpy`` see our `gallery`_.
To see the latest changes in ``sunpy`` see our `Changelog`_.
```

.. _gallery: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/generated/gallery/index.html
.. _Changelog: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/whatsnew/changelog.html

Installation
============

The recommended way to install ``sunpy`` is with `miniforge`_.
To install ``sunpy`` once conda is installed run the following command:

.. code:: bash

    $ conda install sunpy

> For detailed installation instructions, see the `installation guide`_ in the ``sunpy`` docs.

Reviewer 3: Weird in the immediate term since the installation guide doesn't yet mention acknowledge the existence of `miniforge` (unitl #6335 is finished).

Author: Weird sure, but I rather get this changed now when maybe more people are going to see this than the docs.

> .. _miniforge: https://github.com/conda-forge/miniforge#miniforge3

Author: We could do mamba?

Reviewer 3: I'm liking mamba, but we might want to wait until they hit version 1.  Especially for our README.

Author: Fair.

.. code:: python

   >>> import sunpy.map
   >>> from sunpy.data.sample import AIA_171_IMAGE
   >>>
   >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
   >>> 
   >>> aia = sunpy.map.Map(AIA_171_IMAGE)
   >>> 
   >>> aia.plot()
   >>>

>    >>> plt.show()

Author: Lots of whitespace :P

Getting Help
============

For more information or to ask questions about ``sunpy`` or any other SunPy library, check out:

-  `sunpy documentation <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/>`__

> -  `SunPy IM channel <https://app.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  `SunPy Chat <https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org>`__
```

> -  `SunPy IM channel <https://app.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org>`__

Reviewer: We also have this link twice we should use a reference for it so we only have it once.

-  `SunPy mailing list <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy>`__

Acknowledging or Citing ``sunpy``
=================================

If you use ``sunpy`` in your scientific work, we would appreciate citing it in your publications.
The continued growth and development of ``sunpy`` is dependent on the community being aware of ``sunpy``.

Please see https://sunpy.org/about#acknowledging-or-citing-sunpy on how to do this.

Contributing
============

> If you would like to get involved, start by joining the `SunPy IM channel <https://app.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org>`__ and check out our `Newcomers' guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/contents/newcomers.html>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to get involved, start by joining the `SunPy Chat <https://openastronomy.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org>`__ and check out our `Newcomers' guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/contents/newcomers.html>`__.
```

.. code:: python

   >>> import sunpy.map
   >>> from sunpy.data.sample import AIA_171_IMAGE
   >>>
   >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
   >>>
   >>> aia = sunpy.map.Map(AIA_171_IMAGE)
   >>>
   >>> aia.plot()
   >>>

>    >>> plt.show()

Reviewer 2: Why not just use `.peek()`?

Author: I thought the plan is to remove peek.

Reviewer 2: I don't think so? I can't find an issue for it, and peek() does exactly what this example shows which is plot and show a figure in one line.

Author: For me peek is redundant API when plot and show do the same thing and give a user more control. 

A discussion to have on an issue. But we avoid using peek in our docs and gallery and the readme should follow the same.

Reviewer 2: Ha, maybe I've changed my mind over the years without noticing! For a single plot that immediately shows (ie. by design the user can't modify it anyway, and Figure/Axes creation and deletion are done in that single blocking command) I think it's fine. I definitely don't want to hold up this PR though, so will resolve this conversation.

Getting Help
============

For more information or to ask questions about ``sunpy`` or any other SunPy library, check out:

-  `sunpy documentation <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/>`__
-  `SunPy Chat`_
-  `SunPy mailing list <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy>`__

Acknowledging or Citing ``sunpy``
=================================

> If you use ``sunpy`` in your scientific work, we would appreciate citing it in your publications.
> The continued growth and development of ``sunpy`` is dependent on the community being aware of ``sunpy``.
> 
> Please see https://sunpy.org/about#acknowledging-or-citing-sunpy on how to do this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you use ``sunpy`` in your scientific work, we would appreciate your `citing it in your publications <https://sunpy.org/about#acknowledging-or-citing-sunpy>`__.
The continued growth and development of ``sunpy`` is dependent on the community being aware of ``sunpy``.
```
The last sentence is largely filler, and it'd be nice to get rid of the only bare URL.

Contributing
============

If you would like to get involved, start by joining the `SunPy Chat`_ and check out our `Newcomers' guide <https://docs.sunpy.org/en/latest/dev_guide/contents/newcomers.html>`__.

> This will walk you through getting setup for contributing.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This will walk you through getting set up for contributing.
```

Getting Help
============

For more information or to ask questions about ``sunpy`` or any other SunPy library, check out:

-  `sunpy Documentation`_
-  `SunPy Element Channel`_
-  `SunPy Mailing List`_

.. _sunpy Documentation: https://docs.sunpy.org/en/stable/
.. _SunPy Element Channel: https://app.element.io/#/room/#sunpy:openastronomy.org
.. _SunPy Mailing List: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/sunpy

Acknowledging or Citing ``sunpy``
=================================

If you use ``sunpy`` in your scientific work, we would appreciate citing it in your publications.
The continued growth and development of `sunpy` is dependent on the community being aware of ``sunpy``.

> Please see https://sunpy.org/about#acknowledging-or-citing-sunpy on how to do this.

Reviewer 3: A bit weird since that page is still chock full of not distinguishing between sunpy and SunPy

Author: One problem at a time :P

> |Open Source Helpers|

Author: ```suggestion
```

> If you would like to get involved, start by joining the `SunPy mailing list`_ and check out the `Developers Guide`_ section of the ``sunpy`` docs.

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like to get involved, start by joining the `SunPy Element Channel`_ and check out the `Developers' Guide`_ section of the ``sunpy`` docs.
```

> Stop by our chat room `#sunpy:openastronomy.org`_ if you have any questions.

Reviewer 3: Given that the Element channel is far more active than the mailing list, perhaps the Element channel should be listed first?

Also, the "Developer's Guide" is singular possessive in the docs.  Inconsistently, "Newcomers' Guide" is plural possessive...

Author: Which one should each one be? We can rename them to be correct.

Author: Changed to `Developers' Guide` in the readme, will update the docs later on.

Help is always welcome so let us know what you like to work on, or check out the `issues page`_ for the list of known outstanding items.

For more information on contributing to ``sunpy`` or any other SunPy library, please read our `Newcomers' guide`_.

> .. |Open Source Helpers| image:: https://www.codetriage.com/sunpy/sunpy/badges/users.svg
>    :target: https://www.codetriage.com/sunpy/sunpy

Author: ```suggestion
```
